h1. Vim installation

Ubuntu:

<pre><code>sudo add-apt-repository ppa:fcwu-tw/ppa
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install vim
</code></pre>

OS X

<pre><code>brew install macvim</code></pre>

h1. Dependencies

You will need these dependencies figured out:

* Ruby (for the fuzzy finder plugin)
* Exuberant Ctags (http://ctags.sourceforge.net/)

In Ubuntu, for example, you will have to do:

<pre><code>apt-get install exuberant-ctags</code></pre>

In OS X, you can install ctags with homebrew

<pre><code>brew install ctags-exuberant</code></pre>

On Windows you have to download Ctags and add ctags.exe in your PATH.

Mac OS X and most Linux distros come with Ruby already. If you're in Windows
look for Luis Lavena's latest Ruby Installer (http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubyinstaller/)

h1. Vimfiles installation

<pre><code>git clone https://github.com/jshafton/vimfiles.git ~/.vim</pre></code>

Now you should create a new <tt>.vimrc</tt> file in your home directory that
loads the pre-configured one that comes bundled in this package. You can do it
on Linux/Mac like this:

<pre><code>echo "source ~/.vim/vimrc" > ~/.vimrc</code></pre>

On Windows you should create a <tt>_vimrc</tt> (underline instead of dot) and add
the following line inside:

<pre><code>source ~/vimfiles/vimrc</code></pre>

This way you can override the default configuration by adding your own inside
this file.

You should also create a new <tt>.gvimrc</tt> file in your home directory. You can do
it on Linux/Mac like this:

<pre><code>echo "source ~/.vim/gvimrc" > ~/.gvimrc</code></pre>

h1. YouCompleteMe support

The YouCompleteMe plugin has a bunch of requirements to build it.

In Ubuntu:

<pre><code>sudo apt-get install python-software-properties build-essential python-dev -y</code></pre>

h1. Bundle installation

In order to install all the required plugins, you'll need to use Vundle. First, clone its repo into your bundle folder:

<pre><code>$ git clone https://github.com/gmarik/vundle.git bundle/vundle</code></pre>

Install the bundles with the following:

<pre><code>$ vim +BundleInstall</code></pre>

h1. Compile YouCompleteMe

<pre><code>cd ~/.vim/bundle/YouCompleteMe
./install.sh
</code></pre>
